Dirty Hearts, deprivation, if this ever happens
to you at a table, just head under the table
if you do this because you will not be a very,
that person that you do it to will not be
a very happy camper. Let's look at the vital
parts of the elements here. Here we have a
powerful six card heart suit, missing the
jack, here we have jack eight seven nine,
here's the four and five, and here's a wonderfully
guarded queen with a gazillion backers and
a deuce of hearts. This hand is completely
safe. It had low clubs and diamonds. To make
a very long story short, this fellow ran a
bunch, this is the low person, this person
has the low score, this guy over here runs
a few cards in clubs and he throws a five
of hearts on him, right? Now he has the chance
to shoot the moon. He leads the ace of hearts,
he plays small, he plays small, and he plays
the deuce. Now he leads the king of hearts,
and he plays small, and he throws something
off, and this guy over here is wondering,
he's got it stopped, why doesn't he get rid
of his queen of spades? It's not going to
do him any good. The queens not going to stop
anything, but nope, he doesn't choose to do
that. He throws a little spade on it. And
now he leads the queen of hearts and he says
well, I can't believe he's going to do that,
but he doesn't throw the jack to him, he plays
another one, and now when he leads the ten
of hearts, he plays the jack, and he blasts
him with the queen and says, oh that's what
you get for stopping the moon. I mean, you
punish the person who stopped the moon to
help you out and the low guy gets out pretty
cheaply and this guy gets out of the game
because you held the queen to stop, to hit,
the guy that stopped it instead of the hearts
being split twenty-four and two, you held
onto the queen until he went up and then you
hit him and then you make the comment congratulations
it's a girl and that will really gather the
ire of your opponents so that's just, that's
a dirty play and it makes no sense to hold
the queen for the person who stops the moon
and it's not nice.